
Ability to communicate
: Do you have the ability to organize your thoughts and ideas
effectively? Can you express them clearly when speaking and writing? Can you present
your ideas to others in a persuasive way?

Intelligence
: Do you have the ability to understand the job assignment? Learn the
details of operation? Contribute original ideas to your work?

Self-confidence
: Do you demonstrate a sense of maturity that enables you to deal
positively and effectively with situations and people?

Willingness to accept responsibility
: Are you someone who recognizes what needs
to be done and is willing to do it?

Initiative
: Do you have the ability to identify the purpose for work and to take action?

Leadership
: Can you guide and direct others to obtain the recognized objectives?

Energy level
: Do you demonstrate a forcefulness- and capacity to make things move
ahead? Can you maintain your work effort at an above-average rate?

Imagination
: Can you confront and deal with problems that may not have standard
solutions?

Flexibility
: Are you capable of changing and being receptive to new situations and
ideas?

Interpersonal skills
: Can you bring out the best efforts of individuals so they
become effective, enthusiastic members of a team?

Self-knowledge
: Can you realistically assess your own capabilities? See yourself as
others see you? Clearly recognize your strengths and weaknesses?

Ability to handle conflict
: Can you successfully contend with stress situations and
antagonism?

Competitiveness
: Do you have the capacity to compete with others and the
willingness to be measured by your performance in relation to that of others?

Goal achievement
: Do you have the ability to identify and work toward specific
goals? Do such goals challenge your abilities?

Vocational skills
: Do you possess the positive combination of education and skills
required for the position you are seeking?

Direction
: Have you defined your basic personal needs? Have you determined what
type of position will satisfy your knowledge, skills and goals?
