Task 2.12. Participles. Look through the table, read and translate the examples
below it and then choose proper forms to fill in the gaps in the sentences:

1 .___ acquainted with the instruction, the students started doing the laboratory exercise.
a) being got; b) having got; c) having been got.
2 . ___by the experienced specialist, this device measures pressure with high accuracy.
a) adjusting; b) having adjusted; c) having been adjusted.
3 .___calculations, he made several mistakes:
a) doing; b) being done; c) having been done.
4. You should be veiy careful,__ with electrical devices.
a) having dealt; b) being dealt; c) dealing.
5. The apparatus was damaged, while___in the study-room.
a) having installed; b) being installed; c) installing.
6. In the laboratory he saw a group of students___out an experiment.
a) carrying; b) having been carried; c) being carried.
7 .__, the information was stored in the computer.
a) having been processed; b) having processed; c) processing.
8. __ for measuring low temperatures, this sensor cannot be
used in the high-
temperature environment.
a) intending; b) having intended; c) being intended.
9 .__this problem, you will be able to complete your course project.
a) being solved; b) having solved; c) solved.
10 ._this substance, one should be careful.
a) heated; b) having heated; c) heating.
11. The data can be___in table 5.
a) finding; b) found; c) finds.
12 ._some parts of the device, they managed to repair it.
a) replaced; b) to replace; c) having replaced.
13. The resulting mixture was filtered under___pressure.
a) reduced; b) is reduced; c) having reduced.
